(DOCSP-9946) Add DB prereq to Compass landing (#271)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/index.txt

:ref:`manage indexes <compass-indexes>`, and implement
:ref:`document validation <validation>`.

Prerequisites
-------------

To use |compass-short|, you must connect to an existing MongoDB 
database. You can connect to:

> - A MongoDB server that you :manual:`install </installation/>` and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A MongoDB server that you have  :manual:`installed locally</installation/>`, or
```

  manage, or

> - `MongoDB Atlas <https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas?tck=docs_compass>`__ database-as-a-service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A MongoDB Atlas cluster. `Atlas<https://www.mongodb.com/cloud/atlas?tck=docs_compass>`__ is our cloud-based MongoDB database-as-a-service.
```

Or something similar. Not liking the two-sentence approach, myself, but couldn't hit upon anything cleaner. Feel free to use / adjust / discard!

Author: Went with just:

- A MongoDB Atlas cluster.

There's a note right below that explains and links to Atlas - I was iffy on the original for that reason, I think it covers the would-be second sentence. Let me know if you think we should ignore the note.

Reviewer: Perfect!
